I have edit 4 file but i want to commit only one file of theme... so how to commit only one file in vs code to git?

Ans : => To commit only one file in VS Code to Git, you can follow these steps:

			Open VS Code and Navigate to the Source Control View:

				You can open the Source Control view by clicking on the Source Control icon on the left sidebar or by pressing Ctrl+Shift+G on your keyboard.

			Stage the Specific File:

				In the Source Control view, you will see a list of all the files that have been modified.
				Find the file you want to commit and click the plus sign (+) next to it to stage it. This will move the file from the "Changes" section to the "Staged Changes" section.

			Commit the Staged File:
				Once the file is staged, you can enter a commit message in the text box at the top of the Source Control view.
				After entering the commit message, click the checkmark icon (✔) above the message box to commit the staged file.


--------------------------------------------------------------


	Using Git Commands in the Terminal
		Alternatively, you can use Git commands in the terminal:

		Open the Terminal:

			You can open the terminal in VS Code by pressing Ctrl+` or by selecting View > Terminal from the menu.

		Stage the Specific File:

			git add path/to/your/file

		Commit the Staged File:

			git commit -m "Your commit message"

	This method allows you to precisely control which files are staged and committed.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Ok so now how to push only this file commit

Ans : => When you push a commit to a Git repository, you are actually pushing all the commits that are currently in your local branch but not yet in the remote repository. This means that you can't push only a specific file; you push the commits that contain changes to those files.

		Since you've committed only the changes to the one file, pushing your changes will push that commit.

		Here are the steps to push the commit:

		Using VS Code
			Open the Source Control View:

				Click on the Source Control icon on the left sidebar or press Ctrl+Shift+G.

			Push the Changes:

				Click on the ellipsis (three dots) menu at the top of the Source Control view.
				Select Push from the dropdown menu.


		Using Git Commands in the Terminal
			Open the Terminal:

				Press Ctrl+` or select View > Terminal.

			Push the Changes:

				git push origin branch_name
				Replace branch_name with the name of your branch. If you are on the main branch, it would be main or master depending on your repository setup.

				Example
				If your branch is named main, you would use:

				git push origin main
				This will push the commit with the changes to the single file to the remote repository.
